hi coach Randy brown with coach our be
calm I want to share with you just a
concept just an idea I have about how to
warm up before games typically we do our
two line labs which has some value I
think just in terms of getting your team
together getting warmed up a little bit
but from there what do you do and I
think my challenge to you would be what
you do the rest of that warmup time does
that prepare you for things that are
going to happen in a game you know one
of things that bothers me is just this
random shooting for five minutes where
players aren't really engaged their
knees aren't bent bent their butts
aren't down they're not asking for the
ball that why why work on things prior
to tip-off that are not game-like so I
just want to share you share with you
just a quick thing you can do three
lines you simply reverse the basketball
set up a proper screening angle this
player gets open on a nice cut we hit
him in about 17 feet shot the player
that screen relocates with his hands and
what we can do if we don't shoot it we
can reverse it to that player for a shot
and all this is doing is taking a motion
concept which is a part of every offense
that everybody runs and getting a part
of the game into your warmup and again
there's thousands of things you can do
and I think passing and cutting types of
things are really good too wakes up the
hands and it really gets kids to think
about passing and catching and certainly
last thing in your warm-ups everything
that's done make sure they are calling
out the name of the person they're
passing to why that's already
subconsciously building the value of
communication before the tip-off so that
when the game starts your players are
live engaged and really
communicating on both ends with their
teammates so just to evaluate what
you're doing before the game in warmups